applications: asset_tracker_v2: Add documentation for the UI module (#6444)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/asset_tracker_v2_description.rst

User interface
**************

The application supports basic UI elements to visualize its operating state and to notify the cloud using button presses.

> This functionality is implemented in the :ref:`UI module <asset_tracker_v2_ui_module` and the supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is implemented in the :ref:`UI module <asset_tracker_v2_ui_module>` and the supported
```
Another whoops, making the doc build fail.

> The application supports basic UI elements to visualize its operating state and to signal the cloud using button presses.
> This functionality is implemented in the :ref:`UI module <asset_tracker_v2_ui_module` and the various supported
> LED patterns are documented in section :ref:`UI module LED indication <led_indication>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application supports basic UI elements to visualize its operating state and to notify the cloud using button presses.
This functionality is implemented in the :ref:`UI module <asset_tracker_v2_ui_module` and the supported
LED patterns are documented in the :ref:`UI module LED indication <led_indication>` section.
```
